[Docs] Add 9.1.2 release notes (#231372)
elastic/kibana: docs/release-notes/index.md

% ### Fixes [kibana-X.X.X-fixes]
% *

## 9.1.2 [kibana-9.1.2-release-notes]

% ::::{NOTE}
% ::::

### Features and enhancements [kibana-9.1.2-features-enhancements]

**Kibana security**:
* Adds a link to the Automatic Import documentation in the log description and related error message to clarify which log formats are supported [#229375]({{kib-pull}}229375).

### Fixes [kibana-9.1.2-fixes]

**Alerting**:

> * Fixes an issue with the `job/list` API's report filtering [#230876]({{kib-pull}}230876).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue that prevents reports from showing in the Reporting UI when they're created in a non-default {{kib}} space [#230876]({{kib-pull}}230876).
```
